[docs][material-ui] Improved documentation for indeterminateIcon prop (#43791)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/components/checkboxes/checkboxes.md

A checkbox input can only have two states in a form: checked or unchecked.
It either submits its value or doesn't.
Visually, there are **three** states a checkbox can be in: checked, unchecked, or indeterminate.

> To design the indeterminate icon you can use the `indeterminateIcon` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can change the indeterminate icon using the `indeterminateIcon` prop.
```
